feat: add `hasVitePlugin` and warn for duplicated Vite plugins (#74)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/happy-plums-kneel.md

---
"astro-integration-kit": minor
---

> - Added `hasVitePlugin` utility and plugin
> - Added warnings when duplicate Vite plugins are created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `hasVitePlugin` utility. Other utilities have been updated to use it under the hood and warn when duplicate Vite plugins are created
```
